adding Container option for Molecule (#583)
confluentinc/cp-ansible: HOW_TO_TEST.md

1. Python3 installed with PIP
2. Docker installed

Note: We recommend increasing your docker memory to at least 20GB of RAM and your CPU count to 10.  

> ## Installing Molecule via pip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing Molecule via pip
```

```pip3 install molecule molecule-docker```

> ## Running Molecule in a Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Molecule in a Container
```

```pip3 install molecule molecule-docker```

## Running Molecule in a Container

At times, pip installation of molecule can lead to errors:
```
ImportError: No module named docker.common
```

As a workaround you can use molecule in a container.  
In your current shell create an alias to start molecule in a container:

```
git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
cd cp-ansible
export CP_ANISBLE_PATH=$PWD
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH:$CP_ANISBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

> Now you can run the molecule command as suggested later on.  
> You can also consider integrating the alias in your bashrc file. In your bashrc file add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the alias permanent, add the following to your bashrc file:
```

```
export CP_ANISBLE_PATH=<Replace this with the repo path>
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH:$CP_ANISBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

> Now you can run the molecule command as suggested later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the molecule command will run a container, but function as it should.
```

The following is a list of the most common commands used with Molecule.

### A note about Molecule

You might find Molecule failing with an error like: 
```
ImportError: No module named docker.common
```
You can spend some time troubleshooting this issue with the prerequisites.  
As a workaround you can use molecule in a container.  

In your current shell create an alias to start molecule in a container: 

```
git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
cd cp-ansible
export CP_ANISBLE_PATH=$PWD
alias molecule="docker run -it --rm --dns="8.8.8.8" -v "/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock" -v ~/.cache:/root/.cache -v "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH:$CP_ANISBLE_PATH" -w "$CP_ANISBLE_PATH/roles/confluent.test" quay.io/ansible/molecule:3.1.5 molecule"
```

> Now you can run the molecule command as suggested later on.  
> You can also consider integrating the alias in your bashrc file. 
> 
> ```
> git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
> cd cp-ansible
> ```
> 
> After that, in your bashrc file add the followings:
> 
> ```
> export CP_ANISBLE_PATH=<Replace this with the repo path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can run the molecule command as suggested later on.  
You can also consider integrating the alias in your bashrc file. In your bashrc file add the followings:

```
export CP_ANISBLE_PATH=<Full path to cp-ansible>
```

The following is a list of the most common commands used with Molecule.

### A note about Molecule

You might find Molecule failing with an error like: 
```
ImportError: No module named docker.common
```
You can spend some time troubleshooting this issue with the prerequisites.
As a workaround you can use molecule in a container.  

#### Method 1
In your current shell create an alias to start molecule in a container: 

```
git clone https://github.com/confluentinc/cp-ansible
cd cp-ansible

> git checkout 6.1.0-post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
dont think the checkout is necessary
